[DOCS] design template proposition of text adjustments (#207)
open-edge-platform/edge-manageability-framework: design-proposals/README.md

> # Proposing Features and Changes to Edge Microvisor Toolkit

Author: ```suggestion
# Proposing Features and Changes to Edge Manageability Framework
```
